Changelog 129 (#91)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: _posts/2020-08-24-changelog-129.markdown

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #129"
date: 2020-08-24 04:01:13 +0300
---

## New Features

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5745 -->

> * Implement `wasm-pack` run configuration

Reviewer: Maybe add link (https://rustwasm.github.io/docs/wasm-pack/) to wasm-pack?

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5891 -->
    * Support the `nonstandard_style` attribute for naming inspections
    
    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5890 -->
    * Now the `While true loop` inspection takes into account the `while_true` lint [level](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rustc/lints/levels.html#lint-levels)
      and has the suppression quick fix to add `#[allow(while_true)]` attribute

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5865 -->
    * Check if the `derive` attribute is placed on a supported item (by [@Stzx])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5940 -->
* Suggest the run configuration name from its command

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5645 -->
* Support the `Complete Current Statement` action for function and structs (by [@Stzx])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5828 -->
* Allow folding of consecutive `impl Iterator<Item=X>`s in a method chain hints (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5760 -->

> * Show error message when trying to run with coverage on non-nightly channel

Reviewer: Did you skip this comment by accident or intentionally?

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5926 -->
<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5912 -->
* Slightly optimize name resolution in some cases

## Fixes

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5877 -->
* Don't insert double parentheses after completion

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5870 -->
* Don't provide the `Change return type` quick fix in a lambda with an implicit return type (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5937 -->
* Now the `Attach file to a module` quick fix takes into account existing `mod` items, comments and attributes when inserting the new `mod` item (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5873 -->
* Improve autocompletion of the `cargo` command in the [Run Anything](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/clion/rust-support.html#cargo-support) popup

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5641 -->
* Don't annotate user-defined attribute macros that override built-in ones (by [@Stzx])

## Internal Improvements

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5932 -->

> * Initial regression testing

Reviewer: Let's add something like `It should help to catch false-positive errors in new changes automatically`

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #129"
date: 2020-08-24 04:01:13 +0300
---

## New Features

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5745 -->
* Implement [`wasm-pack`](https://rustwasm.github.io/docs/wasm-pack/) run configuration.

>   So now you can build your WASM library using `wasm-pack` just from the IDE

Reviewer: Hm, actually, it's not only about build. Maybe it's better to write something like "So now you can run any `wasm-pack` command just from the IDE"? What do you think?
Sorry for confusing first comment

* Project creation improvements:

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5845 -->
    * Provide support for custom project templates in the `New Project` dialog
    

>         <img src="/assets/posts/changelog-129/cargo-generate.png" alt="custom user template screenshot" width="646px"/>

Reviewer 2: I don't think that this template would work using cargo-generate. Currently, cargo-generate provides support only for [its special templates](https://github.com/ashleygwilliams/cargo-generate/blob/master/TEMPLATES.md).

As an option, here is updated screenshot.
<img width="884" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6342851/91054791-89055900-e62c-11ea-9c11-28f0ee42e04d.png">

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5910 -->
    * Create default run configuration for a new project

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5919 -->
    * Improve package name validation during the new project creation

* Lints & inspections improvements:

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5889 -->

>     * Move all `rustc`-related lints to the newly created separate "Lint" group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Move all `rustc`-related lints to the newly created separate `Lints` group.
```

    * Move all `rustc`-related lints to the newly created separate `Lint` group.
      You can find the corresponding inspection settings in `Preferences | Editor | Inspections | Rust` panel.

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5891 -->
    * Support the `nonstandard_style` attribute for naming inspections
    
    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5890 -->
    * Now the `While true loop` inspection takes into account the `while_true` lint [level](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rustc/lints/levels.html#lint-levels)
      and has the suppression quick fix to add `#[allow(while_true)]` attribute

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5865 -->
    * Check if the `derive` attribute is placed on a supported item (by [@Stzx])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5940 -->
* Suggest the run configuration name from its command

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5828 -->
* Allow folding of consecutive `impl Iterator<Item=X>`s in a method chain hints (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5760 -->

> * Don't force to use the `nightly` toolchain when run with coverage.
>   Instead, IDE will now show the error message complaining about using a non-nightly channel.
>   So now user can use any nightly toolchain.

Reviewer: Let's split it into two items:

```suggestion
<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5760 -->
* Code coverage integration improvements:
    * Allow using any nightly toolchain to run code with coverage.
    * Show the error message if a user tries to launch code with coverage without nightly toolchain
```
